The Joe Rogan experience. Um, so I met with, um, this gentleman,
Sam, uh, one of the founders of Y Combinator. So Y Combinator is a,
a, um, is a contract that my friend,
the head of Dropbox use, um,
and that a lot of tech guys use and it's a standardized deal.
So one of the ideas I had when I was, um, uh,
as I'm in this process of innovate, I'm not in,
I'm not at war with the music industry, it's just it's time for us to innovate.
Uh, and we need to have contracts that make sense with exactly how we sell
music. So, you know, people in every vicinity and that's like a,
every 20 years,
that's like the like decade is 10 of Sydney is 20.
And as you see now, it's like, the world is just stopped for a second.
And there's an opportunity to look and say, what are the things we need?
What are the things we don't need? So I don't know if you saw,
when I posted my contract,
I had 10 contracts that kept on putting me inside a labyrinths and
there's things that we don't need. Now.
I believe that the distribution partner,
that the label is like prince would go and say, oh,
we don't need the distribution partner. Especially if prince was, you know,
really alive and thriving in this internet era,
I'm the kind of person where I'm not trying to go and eliminate
anyone's job. So record labels are afraid of saying, okay,
we're going to hand over the distribution completely to you guys, which is,
you know, that's a possibility, um,
there's a way where both parties can be
happy and that these infrastructural partners can be of service
to the influencer, to the artists. Like these,
these deals can be flipped in a way that they're just more fair,
uh, you know, w of record. And I just let,
let me just go into this specific, um,
place with the record labels for a second. I know I'm talking about that.
Confusing thing for people on the outside. Yeah.
So before, when I told my father, I wanted to rap,
he was a very like,
leery of that idea. He said, this, this, this,
I heard this business is terrible. And you know, he's right. Like,
people are all seeing things that are wrong inside of contracts,
turning blind eyes to it. And everyone's responsible.
Everyone's a part of it. You know, it's like when the me too movement happened,
you know, it wasn't just the guys that were getting tagged and, you know,
some of the guys should have got hit with it. Some guys shouldn't, you know,
that's not what I'm here to talk about.
I'm saying that in a way everyone's responsible.
Everyone's a part of the problem. That's why I really loved that. Um,
black mirror episode, when, you know,
everyone was making comments and anyone that even made a comment, the bees,
it was about these, uh, you know, uh, mechanical bees, anyone.
And this is a spoiler alert if you haven't seen this episode,
but anyone who made a comment, the bees came to go get them.
And that's the thing about what you put in the universe. Even a thought,
you know, you put that thought into the,
it's another thing to say something negative and put that into the universe.
It's another thing to see someone being raped. You know,
that's the reason why I compare what's happening to,
in the music industry to me too, because artists are raped.
You've heard that term before. I'm not, this is not like I'm,
this is not like a new thing that I'm making up. The,
the contracts are made to rape the artist.
And, um, you know, I put my, like,
I think about, you know, this is like a thought right now.
It's like, is this a, a negative thought that I'm putting into the universe?
But I have to say, like, when I was going on Twitter,
I was thinking about Bruce and Brandon Lee that crossed my mind to say, I'm,
this is Sony. This is universal.
And I'm willing to put the blue paint on my face
and go out and do this
because it's the right thing to do. Like music. Like at this point,
it loses me money. It doesn't make me, it doesn't make me money. It is my,
my $5 billion net worth and $300 million of
cash that I see a year.
Music is like negative 4 million for me.
So these contracts from me were kind of like Wang grow and heat where this
guy had everything, but he still said, Wang, grow messed up.
This, this, uh, this heist that we're going to do. Like,
I look at the music industry in that music and the love of music itself.
But the music industry, I look at it like, wangro like, I blame,
you know, the loss of my mother,
partially on enter the entertainment industry,
the always fighting to, you know,
represent, you know,
who you are against media entertainment industry.
That's trying to tear down anybody. That's not, uh, going with the flow.
I see, you know, I've got those kinds of reasons personally.
Uh, but uh, vendors is mindset the Lord.
So it's not a matter of going in for revenge.
That's just me as a human being where I fall short. Like I'm not a monk.
Can you explain what you're talking about with Bruce Lee and Brandon Lee? Like.
What I lost you there? Okay.
So Bruce Lee and Brandon Lee were both murdered.
Brandon Lee died in an accident on a movie set. Yeah.
But you think it was a murder? I felt that's a conspiracy. Right?
The conspiracy was that Chinese triad killed him the same way they killed Bruce.
But that's the,
the coroner's report was that Bruce died from a reaction to
a medication, right?
Yeah. I mean, but I think about that anytime I go to the, go to the hospital,
I'm very, you know, I'm mindful of that stuff.
You think about like Bob Marley,
they didn't just JFK or MLK him.
There's like reports that it was something in his toe.
Or he had cancer right there. I believe he had a skin cancer.
Yeah. Like, I, I went to go, uh,
I got a shot in my, uh, in my hand cause, uh, just from texting and stuff,
my thumb was like hurt. And then I post.
So much, you hurt your thumb. Absolutely.
Just texting way too much.
So I post a picture of a,
the screen at the hospital.
And then I was asked to take it down by,
by who people just call them. I forget exactly who asked me, but it was like,
they get, they got to my management, they got to this. And he said,
take that picture down. Like the hospital. It was in the weirdest place,
you know? So what, what did they not like about the picture? Um,
I think it had, like,
it might've had some information on it that they didn't want to go out like an
address or something like that, or it was just like,
but I don't want to go down, go, go down these rabbit holes.
I'm just saying like Michael Jackson,
not waking up one day prince not waking up one day,
Bruce and Brandon Lee, Bob Marley,
all of these things are, have crossed my mind, you know,
as I'm going and saying,
I need to innovate what these contracts are.
Not just for me, but for all artists,
it's not about me getting my masters back. It's about,
it's about a freedom. And I say on a new song, I say,
if I would put myself in harm's way to get my masters,
they would put their self in harm's way to stay the master. And that's,
there's a complete parallel to the way the music industry works and the way
the world currently works and the influence that America has on
other countries and the way governments work, uh,
the influence and the way government and the way people in power and
control deal with, you know,
disaster relief deal, deal with Haiti, deal with, uh,
The Bahamas. Like where is the money going?
Why aren't things being built and this concept of
money. Right. I asked myself this, um, uh,
I asked him one a week ago, like how much is America in debt?
And they were like this many trillion. And then I asked my a question,
but the dumbest question I've ever asked myself, I said, well, you know,
how much does the earth cost?
I think they got a bad question, but I'm not as you're at work. Yeah. What is,
what is the worst? What did all the things on earth? Yeah.
And it's saying we can't buy it.
We couldn't make enough money to buy the earth. Right?
So that means we made money.
So if money is the key to all people's happiness and we'll solve
everything and everyone's doing things for money, let's just make more money,
but it's not about making more money. It's about keeping poor people,
poor and rich people rich and keep up, keep keeping people in their place.
And right now we're experiencing the fall or Rome or the
Titanic has now hit a glacier.
And there's people who would prefer to go down with the
Titanic than to get on a lifeboat because they don't want to get sea water on
their dress or on a nice outfit that people are so programmed
and brainwashed into, uh,
classism and protectionism that, uh,
it's difficult for people to embrace innovation and
less. It has a tag on it.
It's got a name brand connected to it that says with this innovation,
you will be better than a person you'll be better than your next door neighbor.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify. No.